Guidance on when not to not register a simpler variant of a more complex model (#832)
WCRP-CMIP/Essential-Model-Documentation: docs/FAQ.md

**Do I need to register separate models for different horizontal resolutions?**  
Yes. High- and low-resolution versions of the same model are registered as two separate models. This isn't double the work — you only need to define the new grid. If that grid is already registered, you can reference it and skip many of the initial steps.

**Do I need to register as a separate model one that is the same as a more complex model, but with one or more dynamic components removed?**  

> No. The most complex model variant of a model should be registered with a source ID, and other "simpler" model variants can use that same source ID. For instance, for a model with two variants, one with a dynamical ocean component and one with prescribed sea surface temperatures, the model with the dynamical ocean is registered, and the atmosphere-only variant uses its source ID. The CMIP7 experiment that the model is being used for will provide the information on which components (if any) are not activated for its simulatiosn, and these experiments may also advocate the use of `physics_index` or  `forcing_index` parts of the `variant_label` to help indicate that a different variant of the source ID is being used. See the [CMIP7 source ID guidance](https://wcrp-cmip.github.io/cmip7-guidance/docs/CMIP7/Source_ID_guidance/) for more information.

Author: Update for what's being talked about in the CMIP7 CV TT - remove mention of use of "p" and "f" variants.
```suggestion
No. The most complex model variant of a model should be registered with a source ID, and other "simpler" model variants can use that same source ID. For instance, for a model with two variants, one with a dynamical ocean component and one with prescribed sea surface temperatures, the model with the dynamical ocean is registered, and the atmosphere-only variant uses its source ID. The CMIP7 experiment that the model is being used for will provide the information on which components (if any) are not activated for its simulations. See the [CMIP7 source ID guidance](https://wcrp-cmip.github.io/cmip7-guidance/docs/CMIP7/Source_ID_guidance/) for more information.
```
